um, some of the things that are very practical that you have to get ready
for you deploy, making sure all your household goods are in order,
making sure your family has all the different things that they need.
But one thing I like to do personally is, uh, make sure I have things
on this ship that I'm gonna have or or if I'm out with the Marines,
making sure And that could be anything from having cards with
me or notes that I can send back having stamps, Um, in case that there's
no conductivity, maybe having something set up. If I know I'm going
to be a place where I can communicate, Do I have the right equipment?
Um, to do that and just really trying to think ahead of what
is not gonna be available on this ship or at my location and maybe bringing
extra stuff in regards to that